docs: add description of how to install jira cloud plugin (#4197)
Unleash/unleash: website/docs/reference/integrations/jira-cloud-plugin-installation.md

## Installation

> Start by visiting the [Landing page for the Unleash Enterprise For Jira plugin on Atlassian marketplace](https://marketplace.atlassian.com/apps/1231447/unleash-enterprise-for-jira?hosting=cloud&tab=overview).

Reviewer: Probably needs a mention that this is only for Pro and Enterprise, if you're on OSS this straight up won't work

Reviewer 2: Ah, this is a very good point!

Author: Thank you, yes, very good point!

![Atlassian marketplace landing page for the Unleash Enterprise For Jira plugin.](/img/unleash-marketplace-for-unleash-enterprise-jira-plugin.png)

> Click the yellow button in the top right corner labeled Get it now, choose which site to install the app and click the blue button Install app located at the bottom right.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Click the yellow button in the top right corner labeled "Get it now"
2. Choose which site to install the app to.
3. Click the blue "Install app" button located at the bottom right.
```

> Click the yellow button in the top right corner labeled Get it now, choose which site to install the app and click the blue button Install app located at the bottom right.

Reviewer: This is a bit tough for visually impaired folks to follow, we're generally pretty good in our docs about that. Not sure if we have a way to handle this here

Reviewer: Ha! Thomas has already given you some suggestions, ignore me

Reviewer 2: Yeah, I saw that, but we do provide the labels for the buttons as well. So as far as I know, that should cover it. I don't know what else we could do. Have any other suggestions?

Reviewer 2: Yeah. The screenshot doesn't provide much extra detail. I think the alt text is fine too. From my (admittedly limited) knowledge, I think we've gotten the best of both worlds here: both described the label for visually impaired folks and described the location and color for those who benefit from that. So kudos to @daveleek for getting them both in 🙌🏼
